Add section about skipping the address validation. (#1164)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/address.mdx

- `postalCode` with the wrong format throws the `INVALID` error
- missing fields mentioned in `requiredFields` throw the `REQUIRED` error

## Skipping the address validation

Since version 3.19, Saleor may completely skip the address validation. To do so, the `AddressInput` must receive `skipValidation` flag set to `true`.
This will turn off whole validation, except `country` field - this one requires proper `CountryCode` enum. Please note, that to use `skipValidation` flag,

> Saleor may demand some extra permissions. Also, not all mutations support this feature. For more info, please check specific mutation details.

Reviewer: can we somewhere attach information regarding required permission for skipping validation?

- `postalCode` with the wrong format throws the `INVALID` error
- missing fields mentioned in `requiredFields` throw the `REQUIRED` error

## Skipping the address validation

> Since version 3.19, Saleor may completely skip the address validation. To do so, the `AddressInput` must receive `skipValidation` flag set to `true`.

Reviewer 2: Since version 3.19, Saleor can skip address validation entirely. To enable this, set the `skipValidation` flag to `true` in the `AddressInput`. This disables all validation except for the `country` field, which still requires a valid `CountryCode` enum.

This disables all validation except for the `country` field, which still requires a valid `CountryCode` enum.

> Please note that using the `skipValidation` flag may require extra permissions, and not all mutations support this feature.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:::info
Using the `skipValidation` flag may require additional permissions, and not all mutations support this feature.
:::
```

> Please note, that to use `skipValidation` flag, Saleor may demand some extra permissions. Also, not all mutations support this feature.

Reviewer 2: Please note that using the `skipValidation` flag may require extra permissions, and not all mutations support this feature.

- `checkoutCreate` - requires `HANDLE_CHECKOUT` and `AUTHENTICATED_APP` permissions.
- `accountAddressCreate`, `accountAddressUpdate` and `accountUpdate` do not support the feature.

:::warning

> When providing invalid address, Saleor may be unable to complete some external requests.

Reviewer 2: Providing an invalid address may cause Saleor to be unable to complete some external requests. For example, an incorrect address could result in errors in the tax app response and an inability to create an order.
